One of the goals of E is six was essentially to make it to where people didn't have to make so many
globally defined methods on the Object prototype chain or so many globally defined properties on the
Object prototype chain.
So in other words we got a lot of new builtin methods on the global objects.
So one of these is object it is now.
Essentially it works very similar to the triple equal sign but it addresses some of the remaining quirks
that are still to be dealt with when working with equal signs and comparisons.
So for example we'll do a concert log and we're going to copy this and we're going to print this out.
We'll do like three of those three of those.
One two three four and then we'll do two more down here because we're crazy.
And then if I do something like for example positive zero equals negative zero you're going to see this
prints out.
True even though clearly they are different.
Now I know it's kind of confusing.
It kind of warped my head the first time I heard negative zero.
But either way you get the point.
Now even if I do a triple equal sign it makes a whole lot of no difference right here.
It'll still print out true but if I use object dot is this new builtin method and put a positive zero
in a negative zero.
You'll see it actually prints out false.
So like I said most of the time it works very similarly to this triple equals sign right here.
But it deals with some of these quirky behaviors.
Next example would be not a number like so and will do not in number like so and then we'll just copy
it and then bring it down.
And then if I go ahead and don't do that again.
There we go.
Say that you can see it says not a number is not equal to not a number it's false they're not equal
to each other which is crazy they should be equal to each other.
I mean logically it makes sense to me that they should be equal.
So in this case we'll do not a number and we'll pass it into object is like so.
And you can see at the very end it actually prints out true.
So like I said helps deal with kind of quirky behavior.
Then we'll do a couple of other comparisons we'll do like five equals a string five and then we'll do
five.
Strict equals a string five and we'll do five equals five and then we'll do five.
Strict equals five and we already know what these are going to be right here.
I'll comment it out.
These first couple of council dialogues logs.
You can see the results clearly.
You can see whenever we do a strict equals right here these types don't equal up.
So it's not going to work and it doesn't allow type coersion.
But if I do object is and then let's say 5 string five and then after that we'll just copy and paste
and throw it into the last console that log right here.
You're going to see the last two results.
Object is five and string five do not equal each other so it returns false.
Now this object will return every time.
That's why we have to wrap it in a concert log.
But as you can see most of the time it does operate the same as the triple equal sign just dealing with
some of these extra quirky.